204 1Ns'arc'r1oNs

rounded, and the weakness of our nature, which re·
quires a continual encouragement to the discharge of
the duties that have been imposed on us. For this
reason he has annexed to the worthy reception of ,this
sacrament, peculiar graces which dispose the married
couple to respect the sacred engagement which they
have formed, and enable them to surmount the various
obstacles they may meet with in the way of happiness.
The present occasion then is not one of little interest,
nor can you view it in any other light than as a most
important era in your lives, and most intimately con-
nected with your temporal and eternal welfare. Alas!
it but too often happens that the minister of God ex—
tends a trembling hand in the performance of the
nuptial ceremony. The scene, it is true, is one of
unrestrained festivity3 but how frequently is the
blessing which he impar-ts, countermanded by the in-
visible malediction of him who penetrates the inmost
recesses of the heart! How frequently, amid the
rejoicings of the world, is the storin of tribulation
already gathering over the heads of those who come
to this holy alliance with unworthy dispositions! How
different, we hope, are your prospects. We have
reason to believe that your joys are pure and founded
on a solid basis, that you have duly prepared your-
selves for this important event, and that your hearts
are such in the sight of heaven as to draw down upon
you its favor and protection.

With confidence then in the promises of him who
condescended to honor with his Divine presence the
happy nuptials of Cana, invite him to come and pre—
side on this occasion also, to bless the contract you
are about to ratify, and to render it by his grace a
true emblem of that sacred union which exists be·-
tween him and his Chumh, a union of sentiment and
aetion founded in virtue and the love of God.

